Short Questions:

1.	Describe about cloud-based services. What are the challenges in cloud computing?
2.	What are the cloud security challenges? How can risks be handled in cloud computing?
3.	Discuss the features that make cloud computing better than traditional on-premise computing?
4.	How does properties like elasticity and scalability influence cloud computing?
5.	In what scenario hybrid cloud model is better deployed? How it can be used in cloud?
6.	Discuss various services provided under infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS)?
7.	How does load balancer work in cloud architecture?
8.	What are the areas in which cloud computing is used?
9.	What is the need for adapting hybrid cloud deployment model? How this model differs from public and private deployment modes?
10.	Mention the characteristics of Software-as-a-service (SaaS). What implementation issues should be considered in SaaS?
11.	What computing services are provided under PaaS? 
12.	What is the use of grid computing? How computing in grid architecture differs from cloud architecture? Explain.
13.	What is para-virtualization? How virtualization is used to enforce cloud computing services?
14.	Define cloud migration? What are the reasons for the companies to migrate from traditional computing environment to cloud computing environments?
15.	What is the need for data center virtualization? What are the benefits of data center virtualization?
16.	How does virtualization help in cloud computing?
17.	Write short notes on:
a)	Hypervisors
b)	Load balancing in Cloud Computing
c.	Data Center
d.	Disaster Recovery


Long Questions:
1.	What do you mean by virtualization? What is the role of virtualization in cloud computing? Differentiate between type 1 hypervisor and type 2 hypervisor.
2.	What do you mean by service-oriented architecture (SOA)? How can you characterize SOA? What is the relation between SOA and cloud Architecture.
3.	Differentiate platform as a service, infrastructure as a service and software as a service with each other with scenarios and examples.
4	What do you mean by service-oriented architecture (SOA)? Why it is defined as black-box and loosely coupled architecture? How are SOA and cloud Architecture interrelated.
5.	How the term cloud has been instantiated in cloud computing? Discuss the benefits of adapting cloud computing environments. List few cloud security issues and threats in cloud computing?
6.	What are differences between para-virtualization and Full Virtualization? How virtualization is used to enforce cloud computing services?
